Stabilize `--env-set` option (#119926)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustc/src/command-line-arguments.md

encoded as UTF-8.

[the JSON chapter]: json.md

<a id="option-env-set"></a>
## `env-set`: inject an environment variable

> This option flag allows to specify environment variables value at compile time to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option flag allows specification of environment variables at compile time for the
```

> used by `env!` and `option_env!` macros. It also impacts `tracked_env::var` function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`env!` and `option_env!` macros and `tracked_env::var` function
```

from the `proc_macro` crate.

This information will be stored in the dep-info files. For more information about
dep-info files, take a look [here](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/guide/build-cache.html#dep-info-file\
s).

> When retrieving an environment variable value, the one specified by `--env-set` will take

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When retrieving an environment variable, the value specified by `--env-set` will take
```

> precedence. For example, if you want have `PATH=a` in your environment and pass:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
precedence. For example, if you want have `PATH=env` in your environment and pass:
```

```bash
rustc --env-set PATH=env
```

Then you will have:

```rust,no_run
assert_eq!(env!("PATH"), "env");
```

> It will trigger a new compilation if any of the `--env-set` argument value is different.
> So if you first passed:
> 
> ```bash
> --env-set A=B --env X=12
> ```
> 
> and then on next compilation:
> 
> ```bash
> --env-set A=B
> ```
> 
> `X` value is different (not set) so the code will be re-compiled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Crates will be fully re-compiled if `--env-set` arguments are changed.
```
